Minova
Thank you, mortal. You have done my daughter a great kindness. Now I can bear my curse a little easier.
How did you and your child fall under this curse?
We are of Arkovia and the simple answer is that we defied the natural order. Arkovia rose to become the preeminent power in this region, but then our people became complacent and overly concerned with title. We fought amongst ourselves and left our commerce and civilization to decay.{^n}{^n}In the end, Arkovia should have accepted its fate, died out, melted away, but instead our leaders turned to the necromancers.We forced a bargain with that very power which we had previously condemned and sought to eradicate. It was a treacherous bargain and now we pay for our arrogance and misjudgment.

I see. I shall be on my way then.
How did your child end up a harpy in the Broken Hills?
She was born as such. That was an effect of the curse placed upon the Arkovians. Repulsed and frightful of her monstrous appearance, my husband took her to the Broken Hills and left her exposed to the elements, assuming she would die.{^n}{^n}Such was the practice for unwanted births in Arkovia. Therein lies my greatest sin and the darkest part of our curse. Over the many years since the fall of Arkovia, the harpies have multiplied and spread to other regions.The original harpies are immortal and the circumstances of their births and abandonment have made them bitter, hateful creatures. They prey upon travelers, constantly trying to fill the hole in their hearts with material things.{^n}{^n}They and the Rhowari are the only living descendants of Arkovia.

I must journey on now.
Farewell.
Your allies have done my daughter a great kindness. Now I can bear my curse a little easier.
Farewell.
I can no longer sense my daughter's anguished presence. Is it finished?
It is done. She suffers no more.
Thank you. You have delivered my poor daughter from an eternity of lonely suffering, fear and hate. Now I shall repay you in the only way I can.
Thank you.
Have you saved my daughter from her anguish?
Where is Lutra again?
She lives in the Broken Hills, among the ruins of our city
I will go there now.
Still searching for her.
Please, stay your weapon, mortal. I ask only that you hear out my plea.
What is it you need?
Many ages ago, my people made a grave mistake and now we pay for our hubris, eternally bound to this land. But our children do not deserve the fate placed upon them by our curse.{^n}{^n}My daughter, Lutra, now stalks the Broken Hills as a hideous harpy. She suffers for my sins in the body of a monster; bitter, twisted and having never known a mother's love. Please, mortal, find my daughter. Deliver a swift and merciful end to her eternal torment.If you do this for me, I will gladly give of my essence to strengthen yours.
I will do as you ask.
I cannot do this.
I have already laid Lutra to rest.

I don't make deals with the dead.
