Harvey the Drifter
Leave, yes, leave! They must not see you entering my hideaway!
Ok then.
You broke my door! Oh no, the rotten walkers are going to hear you, they're going to find little Walter and me.

Wait, are you rotten? No, no, you couldn't find us if you were; they would never think to look here. 
Devil's Crossing is safe. I can take you there.
No...no, I cannot go. Nowhere is safe but here.

This is where we have to stay, yes, yes...
I insist you come with me for your own good!
I can't let you ruin this! I won't let you take Walter away again!
Forget it.



You're from Burrwitch? Have you been here the whole time?
Yes, I knew they were coming, the rotted ones; I knew it! I tried to warn everyone, warn my family, but they all called me crazy. I wanted to save them but I just couldn't stay here. Don't you see? I had no choice, I had to hide.

After the rotted ones killed everyone in town, everyone but little Walter, I came back. It's clever, don't you see? They're in the swamp now but they would never think to look in the town again!
What can you tell me about the area?
What? Harvey doesn't leave home much. Except when the rotting ones come.

Then Harvey hides in the passage under the bridge. Leads to the old Hallowed Hill, but many dead there.
Huh, a hidden passage. Thanks.
Do you know where the one called the Warden is?
No...no...not that one.

Lives up the road, on the hill, in the evil house where people scream. Always screaming...

I always knew there was something off about him. People said I was crazy but who's crazy now?!
That's actually helpful. Thanks.
How did you survive here all alone?
Alone? Oh, you mean little Walter and I? We're just hiding in this clever spot while everyone else turns into rotten walkers.

I fled into the swamp when the rotten ones came. My wife wouldn't leave, she thought the village was the safest place. She wouldn't let me take our little son; she called me crazy.

She's rotted now, walking the streets with the others, but I came back for Walter and here he is, alive as can be!
What if someone killed the Aetherials?



What did you do here before the Grim Dawn?
Harvey...was a trapper and a trader. Sold furs in Malmouth across the lake.

Lived there with little Walter and a beautiful wife.

But they're gone now. Gone! And you made little Walter cry!
Is little Walter that creepy doll? You know that's a doll right?
Lies! You're trying to trick me. I won't let you take little Walter from me again!
Are you out of your mind?


I'll just be leaving now.
You won't have to worry about the rotted ones anymore; I'm here to purge them.
What? No, no! If you kill, they come back, they search for the living and they find Harvey and little Walter!

We're safe here, they'll never look...

You'll ruin everything!
After I slay the Warden, you won't need to hide; you'll be safe. 
Oh no, oh no... Too risky, I can't let you leave here alive!
Nevermind, I'm sorry!
Fine, I can purge you too while I'm at it!



Were you just talking to that doll before I walked in?
What doll? Are you crazy, that's my son! Stop talking about him like that!

Look at him, he's alive, no...better. He's perfect! Such smooth perfect skin. Not like those rotted ones outside...
You have to face reality, you're living alone here with this doll. I'm sorry for your son but you need to move on.
Why are you saying that? You're trying to poison my mind! You're one of those rotted ones aren't you? You look okay but you're rotted on the inside. Yes, I can smell it now!
The only thing I can smell is your soiled bedclothes.
No, of course Walter isn't a doll... (Back away slowly)

I am going to clear out the rotting ones.

I think I'll be going now.
