Frankie "The Knife"
Hope you make that madman suffer for all he's done.

We're getting out of here as soon as the coast is clear.
Get moving.
Hold on, hold on! We're on your side!

Don't kill us.
My side? Why are you in a cage?
The stuff going on out here? That's nothing compared to what's in the mine. Cronley's building himself an army of "ascended" and we want nothing to do with it.

Course, he don't take too kindly to people leaving his little cult. Got caught trying to leave. Now we're awaiting our turn with the Pitmaster. He tears people apart like an animal. I don't want to be here when he gets bored with the guts splattering the arena walls.

You let us go, we won't cause no trouble no more. That's a promise.
You're outlaws. Why should I spare you?
Look, um, Cronley's gone off the deep end, crazy with power from those...those green crystals.

I've seen what he does with his inner circle. Takes them to a secret room where he plunges shards into their flesh. That's when I was sure I wanted outta this gig.

I get it. You're here to end it. You're one of them good people. But I can help you. Let us go and I'll tell you where he hides the big crystal. Then you can end this madness for good.

I don't care, you're still a criminal. (Attack)
I'll give you a clean kill. (Attack)
You're outlaws. Why should I spare you?
Look, um, we don't want nothing to do with Cronley no more. Guy's gone off the deep end, crazy with power from those...those green crystals.

I've seen what he does with his inner circle. Takes them to a secret room where he plunges shards into their flesh. That's when I was sure I wanted outta this gig.

I get it. You're here to end it. You're one of them good people. But I can help you. Let us go and I'll tell you where he hides the big crystal. Then you can end this madness for good.
Alright, I'm listening.
There I thought you were gonna kill us. Alright, so Cronley don't leave the mine much no more. He's too busy creating more of his "ascended".

You're gonna have to get through them before you even see his ugly mug. But if you somehow survive, check behind Cronley's bed. There's a gap in the wall that leads to his little hideout.

That's where Cronley does all his twisted experiments. Wreck the place and nobody's gonna think twice about using those crystals again.
Thanks, now get out of here.
Perfect, after I'm done with you, I'll deal with Cronley. (Attack)
I don't care, you're still a criminal. (Attack)
Death to all outlaws! (Attack them)
