Deathmark Vallar
You have served the Black Legion well. We do not forget our allies.
Farewell.
These are dangerous parts. Best be moving back the way you came.
Farewell.
How goes the battle against Bloodfeast?
It wasn't easy, but Bloodfeast is dead.
You are a brutal and effective fighter. I'd hate to run into you on a battlefield. Glad to have you on our side.

I will be sure to include you in my report back to Captain Somer in Homestead.
Farewell.
How goes the battle against Bloodfeast?
Where is the dranghoul?
You will find Bloodfeast the Ruthless entrenched in an old fort to the east known as Tyrant's Hold. He has rallied many grobles to his side, so prepare for a prolonged conflict.
I will end his life.
I'm still working on it.
Bloodfeast the Ruthless is a vicious dranghoul that has driven the local grobles into a frenzy. With the dranghoul rallying them under a single banner, the grobles are becoming a serious threat to the region that cannot be ignored.

If you slay Bloodfeast, then the grobles should scatter and return to their tribal groups. Bloodfeast makes his home in a nearby ruined fort known as Tyrant's Hold, to the east. Slay him and I will provide you with some of the rare materials we have gathered on our hunts.
I will slay Bloodfeast.
You will have to handle this one yourself.
I have already slain the groble tyrant.

Any progress with spider queen?
The Gloomweaver is no more.
You are efficient, I like it. You would do well in the Deathmarks.

I've got your iron bits right here, and one last mission, if you are up for it.
What do you need?

Any progress with spider queen?
Where should I look for the Ungoliax?
The spider queen makes her lair in one of the caverns in the Shaded Basin, just south of here. Beware of her spawn. They are as ravenous as their matron.
I will hunt her down.
Still working on it.
You have proven yourself against Mogara, I'll give you that, but there are far greater threats still out there. A great spider the farmers call Ungoliax the Gloomweaver has her lair in a cavern somewhere within the Shaded Basin, to the south.

Her spawn crawl out of the darkest places of the world in order terrorize the locals and gather food for their ravenous queen. This must end.

Destroy the spider queen and I will see that you are rewarded with iron bits.
I will find this Gloomweaver.
No thanks.
The Gloomweaver is already dead at my hands.

How goes the hunt?
Mogara lies dead.
Impressive. That beast put one of my men out of commission for a week. Your iron, as promised.

Now, if you're willing, I've got more work for a capable hunter such as yourself.
What do you need done?

How goes the hunt?
Where should I be looking?
The Jagged Waste to the west of the camp is where you will find most of the manticores around here. I would guess that Mogara will be among her pride.
I will hunt her down.
I'm still tracking the beast.
That's far enough. You have entered a Black Legion camp. State your business.
I'm looking to do my part.
Hm, well my men are stretched thin and the beasts are numerous. You would do us all a favor by killing just about anything roaming the wilds. But if you are keen on risking your life, I do have a few targets in mind that I would gladly pay you to eliminate.

To the west is an area known as the Jagged Waste. There you will find a pride of manticores. Their matriarch, Mogara, is a bloodthirsty beast with a taste for human flesh. Put her down and I will give you a fine share of iron bits.
I will hunt down Mogara.
On second thought, nevermind.
I have already slain the manticore matriarch.

What are you doing out here?
We are on the hunt for dangerous wildlife. With humanity on the run, beasts have begun crawling out of their dank holes.

We are here to make sure that they cause no more harm to the people of Homestead.
Where is Homestead?
Head back the way you came. Follow the Dusty Road until you reach farmland. Homestead lies not far beyond.
Thanks.
Need any assistance?

Hope it goes well.
Black Legion?
That's correct. We are the Death's Bannermen, defenders of the empire. You are addressing Sergeant Vallar of the Deathmarks.
Defenders of the empire? Great job.
I take it you weren't in the capital when the Aetherials attacked?. We were gravely outnumbered, facing a foe unlike any men had ever seen.

The commander gave the only sane order there was: retreat. Many of us didn't make it out of there, killed or worse...possessed.

Used to think those that perished were the lucky ones. Not so sure anymore with the dead rising.
I'm sorry. Do you need any help here?

I'm sorry I jumped to conclusions.
I'd like to help, if you need me.

Farewell.
I'm just passing through.
