Direni
You're back. I hope you meant what you said about keeping this between us.
Just keep your nose clean.
You looking to start problems? Best be on your way.
I found a curious note in Burrwitch. It mentions you by name.
Oh? I, uhh...wouldn't believe anything it says. It's slander!
Your schemes are finished and your life forfeit!
Damn that cult! I knew this would catch up to me someday. Well, don't expect me to go out without a fight!
You're finished, traitor!
Explain yourself!
Now I know this doesn't look good for me but hold that weapon of yours in check a second, eh?{^n}{^n}Yes, I sabotaged the water pump but I had my reasons. You see, I was a prisoner here back when this place still served as an actual prison. When the world went down the slith hole, I stayed here with a few others; it was the safest place I could think of. Clearly Bourbon thought the same when he showed up with the rest of the survivors. Things escalated quickly. I'm sure it was us who fired first, but it was them that fired the last. Those prisoners that survived were driven out and 'set free'. Now call me a coward for all I care, but I hid when the fighting got ugly. Came out later looking like another refugee and no one was the wiser. Never could forgive Bourbon for what he did to us though.
I missed the part where you don't deserve to die!
Alright, alright! I'm getting to that!{^n}{^n}The Cult of Ch'thon? Not a bunch of people you want to cross. Obsessed with the blood of some fallen god, or maybe it's just blood in general. They made me an offer: I sabotage the water pump, I get safe haven at their hideout. Get back at Bourbon, find a new home; two birds with one stone as they say. Wasn't til I attended one of their underground meetings that I realized I was mixing with the wrong crowd; and believe me, I've been affiliated with some pretty twisted individuals before. Ran out of there before they were done with the first 'initiate'. You don't want to know what that entails. I do have one of their keys though, the prize for the mistakes I've made. Let's make a deal, eh? You don't breathe a word of this to Bourbon, and I give you my key along with directions to their lair. Should be plenty of stolen belongings there; ripe for the taking for the likes of you. Don't try anything funny though. I keep that key well hidden. Don't want to raise any suspicions now.
We have a deal.
Not good enough. Die, traitor!
What do you want?!  I haven't done anything wrong.
Alright then...
