Sybil Hart
Thank you for helping my brother. His suffering is at an end.
I wish I could have done more.
Hello there stranger. The name's Sybil Hart. What can I do for you?
I found an amulet bearing your name.
I gave that amulet to my brother, Milton. Where did you get this?
Your brother was one of the Dead. He is at peace now.
This is... a lot to take in. Milton, I'm sorry, brother. Thank you, stranger. At least I can live knowing my brother is free of all this misery. The amulet was enchanted to keep my brother strong. I think you could use it more than me. Here, may it bring you luck.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I found an amulet bearing your name, but I misplaced it.
Oh my. Well, should you find it again, please return it to me.
I will.
You've returned! I see that you carry my brother's amulet. So it is as I feared?
Unfortunately Milton was one of the Dead.
This is... a lot to take in. Milton, I'm sorry brother. Thank you, stranger. At least I can live knowing my brother is free of all this misery. The amulet was enchanted to keep my brother strong. I think you could use it more than me. Here, may it bring you luck.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Please help my brother. He lived in out by the Sodden Hollow, in Wightmire, before the Grim Dawn. If he's become one of those things, please... take him out of his misery. Bring back the amulet he wears as proof. Perhaps it will bring me some comfort.
On my way.
I'm sorry to bother you, but if you're headed out towards Wightmire, could you keep an eye out for my brother?
Who is he?
His name is Milton... Milton Hart. He was a soldier in the imperial army. I haven't seen him since everything fell apart. I dread the thought, but since he hasn't returned he may have become one of the Dead. He wears an amulet I gave him years ago to keep him safe. Now I fear it may be preserving him in undeath. I wish nothing but for my brother to be allowed to rest in peace. Will you do this for me? He lived out by the Sodden Hollow, in Wightmire, so I'm afraid he's still out there.
I will do what must be done.
I'm sorry, I cannot help you.
